README.md, before:

# liri-node-app
Homework 10 - Liri.js

What does this project do?
    This project is provided to address the requirments of Rutgers coding bootcamp, homework for week 10 (homework 10).
    The assignment required use of several node libraries as well as several different and distinct api.
    The node application "liri.js" can take in one of four commands:
        1. `concert-this`
            This will show the following information about the song in your terminal/bash window;  Artist, Song name, preview link from Spotify and album the song is from.

        2. `spotify-this-song`
            This will output the following information to your terminal/bash window; 
            Name of the venue, location and date of event.

        3. `movie-this`
            This will output the following information to your terminal/bash window; Title, Year, IMDB Rating, Tomatoes Rating, Country of movie production, .Language, plot and actors.

        4. `do-what-it-says` - future implementation
            unable to add this to current SW


    I honestly wouldn't have thought I could do this just a few short weeks ago.  This homework assignment shows various node.js skills using  necessary to perform api calls, json parsing, data storage and use of multiple NMP packages.  Very good way to teach us how to use the skills provided during week 10 course work.  

How to use the project -

    to get details on Concert info, user must type the following;
        'npm liri.js concert-this [artist detail]'

    to get details on spotify song information user must type the following;
        'npm liri.js spotify-this-song [song detail]'

    to get details on movie information from OMDB api the user must type the following;
        'npm liri.js movie-this [movie title]'
     
More detail and additional resources can be found at the following links;
    [NPM detail](https://www.npmjs.com/)
    [Node-Spotify-API](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-spotify-api)
    [Request](https://www.npmjs.com/package/request)
    [OMDB API](http://www.omdbapi.com)
    [Bands In Town API](http://www.artists.bandsintown.com/bandsintown-api)
    [Moment](https://www.npmjs.com/package/moment)
    [DotEnv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

Contributors;
    project provided is the sole work of Jemall A. Brown

Commit message:

Updates to readme.md file and some minor edits to keys.js

README.md, after:

# liri-node-app
Homework 10 - Liri.js

What does this project do?

    This project is provided to address the requirments of Rutgers coding bootcamp, homework for week 10 (homework 10).
    The assignment required use of several node libraries as well as several different api.
    The node application "liri.js" is prompt driven using the node inquirer package and can take in one of four commands:
        1. `concert-this`
            This will show the following information about the song in your terminal/bash window;  Artist, Song name, preview link from Spotify and album the song is from.

        2. `spotify-this-song`
            This will output the following information to your terminal/bash window; 
            Name of the venue, location and date of event.

        3. `movie-this`
            This will output the following information to your terminal/bash window; Title, Year, IMDB Rating, Tomatoes Rating, Country of movie production, .Language, plot and actors.

        4. `do-what-it-says` - 
            This will output search results based on the content of "random.txt" file.


   This assignment shows various node.js methods necessary to perform api calls, json parsing, data storage and uses multiple NMP packages.

How to use the project -

    to begin user will type "node liri.js" at the command prompt
    afterwards the user will be prompted to provide more details

    concert-this - user must input a performing artist to search concert offerings and confirm the selection.
    spotify-this-song - user must provide a song title to search for and confirm the selection.
    movie-this - user must provide the title of a movie to search for and confirm the selection.
    do-what-it-says - once selected, the remaining prompts are ignored (with the exception of the confirmation prompt).

         
More detail and additional resources can be found at the following links;
    [NPM detail](https://www.npmjs.com/)
    [Node-Spotify-API](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-spotify-api)
    [Request](https://www.npmjs.com/package/request)
    [OMDB API](http://www.omdbapi.com)
    [Bands In Town API](http://www.artists.bandsintown.com/bandsintown-api)
    [Moment](https://www.npmjs.com/package/moment)
    [DotEnv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

Contributors;
    This homework assignment is the sole work of Jemall A. Brown
